---
title: New Features 8/16
layout: post
author: eduguidepfl
permalink: /new-features-8/16/
source-id: 1DlFzYBNgvNi_xiO4M8lnIoi7_hZkEwGyAjJFDl-Zl-A
published: true
---
I'm happy to report that last night we deployed our latest update for the website. You’ve seen many of the improvements on staging during testing, but I wanted to summarize them.

* **Team Setup** - We updated the sequence of steps our new coaches go through as they are launching their team so that they are delivered in one, consolidated page instead of in a series of wizard-like screens. We also eliminated our separate "Coaches Invite" page, and will be directing coaches back to the team setup page when they want to invite additional coaches. During the setup process for the team all of the admin coaches will be directed to the team setup page until all of the steps are completed. This helps to ensure that all of the information will be entered in and encourages collaboration between the coaches.

* **Site Wide Navigation** - The main navigation for the site has been updated. Site members will now be able to jump to key pages within their team by using the submenu that opens up when they click on their team's name. The menu has also been reorganized to help make the links easier to find.

* **Group auto archiving** - We have introduced a process which automatically detects a team that has an expired path subscription, and then archive its groups and students. This sets the stage for coaches to start fresh the following year, with new groups. As students log in and join the new groups for that year, they are unarchived.

Many of these features can be observed on the live site via the EduGuide Insiders team. If you have questions about where to look or how to get started, just let me know by sending an email to [web@eduguide.org](mailto:web@eduguide.org). You can also reach me via the helpdesk tab.

